Add docs for Delete Hooks (#890)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/integrations/v2/integrations-docs-mdx/delete-hooks/delete-hooks.mdx

import IntegrationsDeleteHookURI from './integrations-delete-hook-uri.mdx'

export const meta = {
  editUrl:
    'pages/docs/integrations/v2/integrations-docs-mdx/delete-hooks/delete-hooks.mdx',
  lastEdited: '2019-06-11T23:11:06.000Z'
}

# Delete UIHooks

> After a user removes a configuration, the integration is notified, so this can be useful to do some cleanup tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a user removes a configuration, the integration can be notified, so this can be useful to do some cleanup tasks.
```

Since this is an opt-in task. We cannot say, we are doing it always.

> When the user removes a configuration, integration can recieve a notification via "Delete Hooks". This is very useful for clean resources created by the configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the user removes a configuration, the Integration can receive a notification via **Delete Hooks**. There are a variety of use-cases for Delete Hooks, for example, cleaning up resources created by the configuration.
```
